AUDIT . Contractor shall maintain a true and correct set of records pertaining to any specific Work for a period of two (2) years from the date such Work is actually provided. During the two-year retention period, Company may, upon written request and during normal working hours at Contractor’s Houston, Texas business offices, audit Contractor’s records to verify amounts payable to Contractor for Work performed under this Agreement. Company"s right to audit under this Article shall not extend to any of Contractor"s confidential information, trade secrets, proprietary information, formulas, processes, payroll records, or any components of Contractor"s fixed sums, rates or mark-ups, nor shall it extend beyond the two (2) year retention period. Company shall not use as its designee, any party or parties that derive their fee or other payment for services from the amount reclaimed by Company from Contractor under this or any other audit provision.
Company's right to audit under this Article shall not extend to any of Contractor's confidential information, trade secrets, proprietary information, formulas, processes, payroll records, or any components of Contractor's fixed sums, rates or mark-ups, nor shall it extend beyond the two 2 year retention period.
COMPANY AUDIT RIGHTS .
Company's Right to Audit - Contractor shall maintain a complete, correct and confidential set of records and accounts pertaining to all aspects of any applicable Work Order, including the performance by Contractor and its Subcontractors. 
In addition Company shall have the right to inspect and audit Contractor and its Subcontractors and all their records and documents to ensure compliance
Contractor shall maintain a true and correct set of records pertaining to Work performed in compliance with any Order.
Company's right to audit under this paragraph shall not extend to any of Contractor's confidential information, trade secrets, proprietary information, formulas, processes, payroll records, or any components of Contractor's fixed sums, rates or mark-ups, nor shall it extend beyond the two (2) year Record Retention Period.
Contractor will not accept an audit request from a third party. If Company intends to use a third party to audit Contractor’s records, such written request must come directly from Company to Contractor and shall include, at a minimum: the name of the auditor and specific authority delegated  proposed commencement date  the specific Work and dates to be audited, and  the full contact details for a Company representative who is authorized and available as required, until the audit closes.
payment for services from the amount reclaimed by Company from Contractor under this or any other audit provision.
Company's right to audit under this paragraph shall not extend to any of Contractor's confidential information, trade secrets, proprietary information, formulas, processes, payroll records, or any components of Contractor's fixed sums, rates or mark-ups, nor shall it extend beyond the two (2) year Record Retention Period.
