
dispute
Party consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Harris County and waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or venue.
In case of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement (including the exhibits) and of a Purchase Order, Addendum or any other modification or addition entered into by the parties in accordance with this Section 15.1 collectively, “Additional Agreement”), the provisions of the most recent Additional Agreement shall take precedence.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
 In the event that a dispute arises under this Agreement, Customer and Tier 1, Inc. will attempt in good faith to promptly resolve such dispute by negotiations between senior officers of each party. 
If the dispute is not resolved within thirty 30 days of a party’s written request for negotiation, such dispute may, by the mutual agreement of Customer and Tier 1, Inc., be referred to non-binding alternative dispute resolution, under rules and at a site to be mutually agreed to between the parties. 
A decision by the neutral arbitrator(s) or mediator(s) shall not be binding on the parties unless the parties agree otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from resorting to judicial proceedings if good faith efforts to resolve a dispute under these procedures have been unsuccessful, or interim relief from a court is needed to prevent serious or irreparable harm to one party or to others, 
The parties consent to and shall bring action relating to any dispute the parties may have hereunder, despite any other applicable statute of limitations established under Texas law or any other state law, within one (1) year of the occurrence of such dispute.
Affiliates and Co-participants do not permit the practice of illegal information brokering or any other corruption of the contract award process. Contractor warrants and represents that it has not and will not utilize illegal information brokering in connection with the Contract. Contractor will promptly notify Company's Representative if anyone approaches Contractor for the purpose of illegal information brokering
If either Party breaches this provision, then such breaching Party shall pay to the other Party as agreed
