this agreement shall commence on the effective date and will continue for a period of three 3 years thereafter, unless either party provides the other party with thirty 30 days prior written notice of its intent to terminate the agreement as set forth below.
The Initial Term can be extended for successive periods of one 1 year by mutual written agreement between Customer and Tier 1 Termination for Cause.
either party shall have the right to terminate this agreement for cause, if the other party breaches any material term or condition of this agreement.
either party shall have the right to terminate this agreement for cause, if the other party breaches any material term or condition of this agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty 30 days or ten 10 days in case of nonpayment
TERMINATION. 
Mutual Termination. 
This Agreement shall remain in force and effect until terminated by either Party by giving the other Party thirty (30) days" notice in writing in accordance with Article 10 herein. 
Notwithstanding any notice of such termination by the Parties, with respect to any existing Order, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the Order is completed or terminated.
Any such termination shall not relieve either Party of its obligations arising from or incident to obligations incurred under this Agreement prior to the time such termination becomes effective. B. Contractor Termination. 
Contractor shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement as follows.
 If Company becomes insolvent, makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of all or substantially all of its assets, has an involuntary petition in bankruptcy filed against it which is not dismissed within forty-five 45 days, fails to pay its debts and obligations as they become due, commits any material breach of this or any other contract between the Parties, Contractor may, without prejudice to any of its other rights, immediately terminate this Agreement without liability for termination, except as set forth in Subparagraph 
In the event of the termination of this Agreement, however arising, Company shall promptly return to Contractor all of Contractor‘s equipment (including any leased/rented equipment and/or product) that is in Company’s possession or under its control. 
Any termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the accrued rights of the Parties existing on the date of such termination, and the continuation in force of all provisions of this Agreement.
 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years thereafter (the “Initial Term”), unless either party provides the other party with thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent to terminate the Agreement as set forth below. 
Termination for Cause. 
Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement for cause, if the other party breaches any material term or condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days (or ten (10) days in case of nonpayment or breach of Article 10) following receipt of written notice from the non-breaching party
In the event Company terminates this Contract for any reason, Company shall also pay any costs incurred as a direct result of such termination (including any early termination fees payable to Contractor’s subcontractors), any applicable mobilization or demobilization fees and any applicable cancellation fees


