If Contractor employs a collection agency or attorneys to collect any outstanding invoice(s) or enforce its rights under this Agreement, Company agrees to pay all actual expenses of collection, all collection agency fees, and all attorneys’ fees and court costs, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with litigation, mediation, arbitration, or other judicial proceedings.
PRICE AND PAYMENT 
 Price for Products, 
Prices for the Products, 
payment
Licensed Materials and/or Services shall be as set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement the “Price” or “Prices”. 
Prices will not be increased by Tier 1, Inc. throughout the Intial Term of this Agreement, except for Service pricing which may be increased once each annual period upon thirty 20 days prior writen notice to Customer; provided that Tier 1, Inc. may not increase Service Prices by an amount in excess of ten percent 10 per year. 3.
The Price and configuration of the initial system being purchased by Customer under this Agreement (the “Initial System”) are set forth in Customer’s Purchase Order number 1505, [date:snips/datetime](dated January 23, 2003). 
Modifications to Prices .
Payment . For the initial System being purchased by Customer payment shall be made in accordance with the following schedule: 30%* of Price shall be paid at time the Purchase Order is issued to Tier 1, Inc.; and 20%** of Price shall be invoiced upon delivery of the Product to carrier for shipment at the FOB Point; and 50% of the Price shall be invoiced on Acceptance of the Products.
Primary Insurance .
The indemnity obligations and insurance required from the indemnifying parties pursuant to the Contract shall be primary and noncontributory and exclusive to the extent of the parties indemnity obligations, whether or not such assumed obligations are enforceable, to any insurance which the parties to be indemnified may have obtained or may have in effect.
If Contractor employs a collection agency or attorneys to collect any outstanding invoice or enforce its rights under this Agreement, Company agrees to pay all actual expenses of collection, all collection agency fees, and all attorneys’ fees and court costs, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with litigation, mediation, arbitration, bankruptcy, or other judicial proceedings.
payment
Pricing and Discounts.  
Price Book shall mean Contractor’s price book.  
Contractor may update the Price Book upon thirty 30 days notice to Company.  
Unless otherwise provided, a discount, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms herein, “Discount” shall be applied to the Price Book in accordance with .
Applicable Rates
Commodity Cost Adjustments.
Notwithstanding any fixed pricing set forth herein, upon notice to Company, the rates and prices defined herein shall be revised : 
Contractor’s pricing is based on the scope of work provided by Company 
In addition to any applicable fuel and mileage charges specified in Price Book, fuel surcharges will be applied and indicated as a line item on each job ticket. 
The surcharges will be adjusted on a monthly basis using the previous month average price from the US Energy Information Administration (EIA). 
The fuel surcharge will be based on the price of US Retail On-Highway Diesel in the region the work is performed
Standby rates will be charged in accordance with the Price Book and are not subject to a Discount.
Contractor reserves the right to increase standby rates if standby time exceeds
standby rate is increased by a factor of hour
cost of equipment 
Price Book 
discount.
Company shall reimburse Contractor at documented cost plus a minimum, non-discountable  surcharge for administration. 
 Third Party Reimbursables will apply regardless of actual utilization by Company.
Restocking Charge.  
Company shall pay Contractor a restocking charge for all unused equipment and materials at of the book price, 
return transportation, roundtrip mileage for equipment necessary to unload material and personnel hours.
Any applicable mobilization and demobilization fee
Early Pay Discount. Early payment discount of will be given per invoice if paid in full within days of the invoice date. 
A credit for the early payment discount will be issued to Company in the month following the receipt of payment. 
Subject to the payment terms 
Company agrees to pay interest on any late payments equal to the prime rate .
Offering Early Pay Discounts to clients that make reasonably timely payments may unnecessarily erode margins.  Early pay discount should also be balanced by late payment fees.
All pricing is on a per stage basis and will be charged according to hours pumped
charges




