Subject to any confidentiality obligations, Contractor may use such data internally to improve its products and services and to refine its computer models.
Confidentiality . 
Contractor agrees that it will hold in strict confidence, any results produced by it for Company’s account and/or information designated by Company in writing as confidential, and it will not disclose such confidential information to any Third Party without written authorization from Company or except as required by law or legal process. Likewise, 
Company shall observe the above confidentiality obligation, insofar as it has access to and knowledge of the goods, equipment, instruments, mixtures, programs, pricing, processes, and procedures that are the property of and proprietary to Contractor.
The above confidentiality obligations shall not apply if the information is already known to the receiving Party or its Affiliates as of the date of disclosure hereunder if such knowledge is not subject to any confidentiality obligation, is already in possession of the public or becomes available to the public other than through the act or omission of the receiving Party or the receiving Party representatives, or  is acquired independently and without any confidentiality obligation by the receiving Party or its Affiliates from a third party that has the right to disseminate such information at the time it is acquired by the receiving Party or such Affiliates, or  is developed by the receiving Party or the receiving Party’s representative independently of the confidential information.
Illegal information brokering is a practice whereby certain parties approach contractors, vendors or other suppliers and offer confidential information or illicit influence to obtain business through corruption of competitive bidding processes. Contractor recognizes that Company, its 
The mediation process is confidential, and all such confidential information will be treated as compromise and settlement information for the purposes of any applicable rules of evidence.
Confidential Information.
The parties recognize that the nature of the Contractor’s Work is such that the each party will have access to information which is of a confidential nature .
 A receiving party hereunder agrees not to disclose to any Third Party nor use for any purpose without written authorization from the disclosing party or except as required by law or legal process, other than the performance of this Agreement, any confidential information, data or material, (regardless of the form) which is: (a) provided, disclosed or delivered to the receiving party by the disclosing party, any officer, director, employee, agent, attorney, accountant, contractor or other person or entity employed by the disclosing party in any capacity, any customer, borrower or business associate of the disclosing party or any public authority having jurisdiction over the disclosing party or any business activity conducted by the disclosing party: or (b) produced, developed, obtained or prepared by the receiving party (whether or not such information was developed in the performance of this Agreement) with respect to the disclosing party’s confidential information, unless otherwise agreed by the parties under this Agreement.
Subject to any confidentiality obligations, Contractor may use such data internally to develop, refine or improve its products, services and computer models.
Contractor quotes, pricing, designs and proposals are confidential and proprietary (“Confidential Information”). 
Company shall hold Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without written authorization. 



